community_images/argocd/quay/README.md, before:

<a href="https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=rapidfort_logo">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rapidfort/community-images/main/contrib/github_logo.png" alt="RapidFort" width="200" />
</a>

<br>

[![rf-h][rf-h-badge]][rf-view-report-button]
[![DH Image][dh-rf-badge]][rf-dh-image-link]
[![Slack][slack-badge]][slack-link]
[![FOSSA Status][fossa-badge]][fossa-link]

# RapidFort hardened image for Argo CD Quay

RapidFort’s container optimization process hardened this Argo CD Quay container. This container is free to use and has no license limitations.

It is the same as the [Quay Argo CD Quay][source-image-repo-link] image but more secure.

Every day, we optimize and harden a variety of Docker Hub’s most famous images. Check out our [entire library](https://hub.docker.com/u/rapidfort) of secured containers.
<br>

[Get the full report here or click on the image below][rf-view-report-link]

[![Metrics][metrics-link]][rf-image-metrics-link]

<h2> Vulnerabilities: Original vs. Hardened

</h2>

[![CVE Reduction][cve-reduction-link]][rf-image-cve-reduction-link]

<a href="https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=get_full_report_button">
<img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rapidfort/community-images/main/contrib/github_button_3.svg" alt="View Report" height="50" />
</a>
<br>
<br>


## What is Argo CD Quay?

> Argo CD is a declarative, GitOps continuous delivery tool for Kubernetes. Argo CD follows the GitOps pattern of using Git repositories as the source of truth for defining the desired application state.


[Overview of Argo CD Quay](https://argoproj.github.io/cd/)

Trademarks: This software listing is packaged by RapidFort. The respective trademarks mentioned in the offering are owned by the respective companies, and use of them does not imply any affiliation or endorsement.


## How do I use this hardened Argo CD Quay image?

The runtime instructions for this container are no different from the official release. Follow the instructions in their readme, but use our hardened image.

<a href="https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/blob/master/README.md">
<img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rapidfort/community-images/main/contrib/view_detailed_instructions_button.svg" alt="View Detailed Instructions" height="50" />
</a>
<br>
<br>

```sh
# Argocd can be deployed with:
$ helm repo add argo https://argoproj.github.io/argo-helm
$ helm install rf-argocd argo/argo-cd --set image.repository=rapidfort/argocd --set image.tag=v2.10.4

```

## What is a hardened image?

A hardened image is a copy of a container that has been optimized and reduced for significantly improved security. Because every container uses many open-source software components and their dependencies, there’s a lot of extra weight that can be trimmed.

This image is a hardened version of the official [Quay Argo CD Quay][source-image-repo-link] image on Docker Hub.

RapidFort is an industry-leading container optimization solution that minimizes software attack surfaces by removing unused code. Most containers can be reduced by at least 50%, which reduces the opportunity for malicious attacks and CVE exploits. Learn more at [RapidFort.com][rf-link].

Our hardened images are updated daily using the latest vulnerability information available.

<a href="https://github.com/rapidfort/community-images/tree/main/community_images/argocd/quay">
<img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rapidfort/community-images/main/contrib/view_on_github_button.svg" alt="View on GitHub" height="50" />
</a>
<br>
<br>

## What’s the difference between the official [Quay Argo CD Quay][source-image-repo-link] image and this hardened image?
RapidFort’s hardened [rapidfort/argocd][rf-dh-image-link] image has been optimized by our proprietary scanning and slimming technology. We are big fans of open-source software, containerized infrastructure, and security.

We are making secure copies of the images we use every day and the most popular ones on Docker Hub. We want to make the world a safer place to operate.

## Supported tags and respective `Dockerfile` links

## Need support

Join our slack community for any questions.

<a href="https://join.slack.com/t/rapidfortcommunity/shared_invite/zt-1g3wy28lv-DaeGexTQ5IjfpbmYW7Rm_Q">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rapidfort/community-images/main/contrib/github_banner.png" alt="RapidFort Community Slack" width="600" />
</a>

## 🌟 Support this project

[![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48997634/174794647-0c851917-e5c9-4fb9-bf88-b61d89dc2f4f.gif)](https://github.com/rapidfort/community-images/stargazers)

### [⏫⭐️ Scroll to the star button](#start-of-content)

If you believe this project has potential, feel free to **star this repo** just like many [amazing people](https://github.com/rapidfort/community-images/stargazers)
have.

## Have questions?

[![RapidFort](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rapidfort/community-images/main/contrib/github_logo_footer.png)][rf-rapidfort-footer-logo-link]


If you'd like to learn more about RapidFort or our container optimization process, visit [RapidFort.com][rf-link].

<br>
<br>


[dh-rf-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/dockerhub-images-important.svg?logo=Docker

[fossa-badge]: https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Frapidfort%2Fcommunity-images.svg?type=shield
[fossa-link]: https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Frapidfort%2Fcommunity-images?ref=badge_shield

[rf-link]: https://rapidfort.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_rf_link&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=rapidfort_have_questions

[rf-rapidfort-footer-logo-link]: https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=rapidfort_footer_logo
[rf-view-report-button]: https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=view_report_button
[rf-view-report-link]: https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=view_report_link
[rf-image-metrics-link]: https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=image_metrics_link
[rf-image-cve-reduction-link]: https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=image_cve_reduction_link

[dh-img-size-badge]: https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/rapidfort/argocd?logo=docker&logoColor=white&sort=semver
[dh-img-pulls-badge]: https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/rapidfort/argocd?logo=docker&logoColor=white

[slack-badge]: https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Join&message=slack&logo=slack&logoColor=E01E5A&color=4A154B
[slack-link]: https://join.slack.com/t/rapidfortcommunity/shared_invite/zt-1g3wy28lv-DaeGexTQ5IjfpbmYW7Rm_Q

[rf-h-badge]: https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=RapidFort&labelColor=333F48&message=hardened&color=50B4C4&logo=data:image/png;base64,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
[metrics-link]: https://github.com/rapidfort/community-images/raw/main/community_images/argocd/quay/assets/metrics.webp
[cve-reduction-link]: https://github.com/rapidfort/community-images/raw/main/community_images/argocd/quay/assets/cve_reduction.webp

[source-image-repo-link]: https://quay.io/repository/argoproj/argocd
[rf-dh-image-link]: https://hub.docker.com/r/rapidfort/argocd

Commit message:

Image readme fix (#540)
* Fixed the Hyperlink on image readmes

Signed-off-by: Kanav Phull <kanav@rapidfort.com>

* Fixed hyperlinks in readme jinja template

Signed-off-by: Kanav Phull <kanav@rapidfort.com>

* Ran image_generator.sh and committed the results

Signed-off-by: Kanav Phull <kanav@rapidfort.com>

---------

Signed-off-by: Kanav Phull <kanav@rapidfort.com>

community_images/argocd/quay/README.md, after:

<a href="https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=rapidfort_logo">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rapidfort/community-images/main/contrib/github_logo.png" alt="RapidFort" width="200" />
</a>

<br>

[![rf-h][rf-h-badge]][rf-view-report-button]
[![DH Image][dh-rf-badge]][rf-dh-image-link]
[![Slack][slack-badge]][slack-link]
[![FOSSA Status][fossa-badge]][fossa-link]

# RapidFort hardened image for Argo CD Quay


RapidFort has optimized and hardened this Argo CD Quay container image. This container is free to use and has no license limitations.


This optimized image is functionally equivalent to [Quay Argo CD Quay][source-image-repo-link] image but more secure with a significantly smaller software attack surface.

Every day, RapidFort automatically optimizes and hardens a growing bank of Docker Hub’s most important container images. Check out our [entire library](https://hub.docker.com/u/rapidfort) of secured container images.
<br>

[Get the full report here or click on the image below][rf-view-report-link]

[![Metrics][metrics-link]][rf-image-metrics-link]

<h2> Vulnerabilities: Original vs. Hardened

</h2>

[![CVE Reduction][cve-reduction-link]][rf-image-cve-reduction-link]

<a href="https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=get_full_report_button">
<img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rapidfort/community-images/main/contrib/github_button_3.svg" alt="View Report" height="50" />
</a>
<br>
<br>


## What is Argo CD Quay?

> Argo CD is a declarative, GitOps continuous delivery tool for Kubernetes. Argo CD follows the GitOps pattern of using Git repositories as the source of truth for defining the desired application state.


[Overview of Argo CD Quay](https://argoproj.github.io/cd/)

Trademarks: This software listing is packaged by RapidFort. The respective trademarks mentioned in the offering are owned by the respective companies, and use of them does not imply any affiliation or endorsement.


## How do I use this hardened Argo CD Quay image?



The runtime instructions for this hardened container image are the same as the official release. Follow the instructions provided with the [Quay Argo CD Quay][source-image-repo-link].

<a href="https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/blob/master/README.md">
<img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rapidfort/community-images/main/contrib/view_detailed_instructions_button.svg" alt="View Detailed Instructions" height="50" />
</a>
<br>
<br>

```sh
# Argocd can be deployed with:
$ helm repo add argo https://argoproj.github.io/argo-helm
$ helm install rf-argocd argo/argo-cd --set image.repository=rapidfort/argocd --set image.tag=v2.10.4

```

## What is a hardened image?

A hardened container image is a functionally equivalent copy of a container image that has been optimized by removing unnecessary software components, significantly reducing its software attack surface and improving its security. Removing unnecessary software components is a critical practice to protect your infrastructure from attacks and limiting the blast radius of any attacks.

This image is a hardened version of the official [Quay Argo CD Quay][source-image-repo-link] image on Docker Hub.

RapidFort is the pioneering Software Attack Surface Management (SASM) platform in the market. Many container images can be reduced by 60-90%, have far fewer vulnerabilities, and load much faster because of their reduced size. Learn more at [RapidFort.com][rf-link].

Vulnerability reports for RapidFort's hardened images are updated daily to include newly discovered vulnerabilities and fixes.

<a href="https://github.com/rapidfort/community-images/tree/main/community_images/argocd/quay">
<img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rapidfort/community-images/main/contrib/view_on_github_button.svg" alt="View on GitHub" height="50" />
</a>
<br>
<br>

## What’s the difference between the official [Quay Argo CD Quay][source-image-repo-link] image and this hardened image?
RapidFort’s hardened [rapidfort/argocd][rf-dh-image-link] image has been optimized by RapidFort's SASM platform and is functionally equivalent to the original image.

We are big fans of open-source software and secure software development. RapidFort's community images are our way of giving back to the community and helping reduce the burden on security and development teams.

## Supported tags and respective `Dockerfile` links

## Need support

Join our slack community for any questions.

<a href="https://join.slack.com/t/rapidfortcommunity/shared_invite/zt-1g3wy28lv-DaeGexTQ5IjfpbmYW7Rm_Q">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rapidfort/community-images/main/contrib/github_banner.png" alt="RapidFort Community Slack" width="600" />
</a>

## 🌟 Support this project

[![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48997634/174794647-0c851917-e5c9-4fb9-bf88-b61d89dc2f4f.gif)](https://github.com/rapidfort/community-images/stargazers)

### [⏫⭐️ Scroll to the star button](#start-of-content)

If you find this project useful, please star this repo just like many [amazing people](https://github.com/rapidfort/community-images/stargazers) have.

## Have questions?

[![RapidFort](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rapidfort/community-images/main/contrib/github_logo_footer.png)][rf-rapidfort-footer-logo-link]


Learn more about RapidFort's pioneering Software Attack Surface Management platform at [RapidFort.com][rf-link].

<br>
<br>


[dh-rf-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/dockerhub-images-important.svg?logo=Docker

[fossa-badge]: https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Frapidfort%2Fcommunity-images.svg?type=shield
[fossa-link]: https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Frapidfort%2Fcommunity-images?ref=badge_shield

[rf-link]: https://rapidfort.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_rf_link&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=rapidfort_have_questions

[rf-rapidfort-footer-logo-link]: https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=rapidfort_footer_logo
[rf-view-report-button]: https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=view_report_button
[rf-view-report-link]: https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=view_report_link
[rf-image-metrics-link]: https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=image_metrics_link
[rf-image-cve-reduction-link]: https://us01.rapidfort.com/app/community/imageinfo/quay.io%2Fargoproj%2Fargocd?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ci_view_report&utm_campaign=sep_01_sprint&utm_term=argocd&utm_content=image_cve_reduction_link

[dh-img-size-badge]: https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/rapidfort/argocd?logo=docker&logoColor=white&sort=semver
[dh-img-pulls-badge]: https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/rapidfort/argocd?logo=docker&logoColor=white

[slack-badge]: https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Join&message=slack&logo=slack&logoColor=E01E5A&color=4A154B
[slack-link]: https://join.slack.com/t/rapidfortcommunity/shared_invite/zt-1g3wy28lv-DaeGexTQ5IjfpbmYW7Rm_Q

[rf-h-badge]: https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=RapidFort&labelColor=333F48&message=hardened&color=50B4C4&logo=data:image/png;base64,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
[metrics-link]: https://github.com/rapidfort/community-images/raw/main/community_images/argocd/quay/assets/metrics.webp
[cve-reduction-link]: https://github.com/rapidfort/community-images/raw/main/community_images/argocd/quay/assets/cve_reduction.webp

[source-image-repo-link]: https://quay.io/repository/argoproj/argocd
[rf-dh-image-link]: https://hub.docker.com/r/rapidfort/argocd
